---
date: 2022-12-12T00:00:00Z
draft: true
lang: en
tags: [ TODO_TAGS ]
title: TODO_TITLE
type: link # image quote video text audio chat
via: "[Who](http://example.com)"
---


2022-12-12 ???


TODO: Read first
TODO: Clip it?

[https://kellyshortridge.com/blog/posts/the-security-obstructionism-secobs-market/](https://kellyshortridge.com/blog/posts/the-security-obstructionism-secobs-market/)

—//—
(Chris Rutter comment on EE Slack)

Wow, that's an incredibly well-written article! I can't help but agree with most or all of the criticisms and underlying issues.  One thing I wonder about often though is the requirement to provide assurance, either when audited, trying to pass regulatory checks or even by the ICO after a breach scenario.  The ability to prove that you're doing the right stuff in these scenarios is in my experience usually a primary goal of Infosec teams, and usually their core objective when started up (and often throughout their lifetimes).

It's a sad fact that Infosec teams trying to make sure they can prove they're doing the right security things often hinders the actual technical security of their systems, but in a lot of places that assurance requirement is something you can't get away from, so I usually take a more practical approach and try to get 'win-wins', genuinely improving security (with a lot of approaches mentioned in the article) while still providing the assurance that regulators require.

It would be great to "burn down the SecObs establishment", but I think practically it's out of reach for most organisations and would depend on key individual unicorns that can drive and own a tech-lead security program.  If an organisation is able to really embed a novel security culture and procedures that are tech-driven and avoid theatre it's fantastic, but what happens when the unicorn leaves and there's no industry-standard-led security team to make sure all the security stuff still happens? Maybe I'm being too pessimistic and living in the now rather than the future...
