---
date: 2022-05-04T00:00:00Z
draft: true
lang: en
tags: [ TODO_TAGS ]
title: TODO_TITLE
type: link # image quote video text audio chat
via: "[Who](http://example.com)"
---


# 2022-05-04 async.md


In the quest for less meetings/interruptions and more deep/focused work:

> Here’s where companies can start when it comes to protecting their employees’ time and attention with async work:
> 
> 1. Set explicit guidelines around response times for your teammates. Experiment with what works for your team. You may be surprised that the world doesn’t stop turning when you give people 24 hours to respond to messages.
> 2. Use tools that support asynchronous communication to replace meetings and real-time messaging apps.
> 3. Set up a separate communication channel for emergencies only. This should be the only tool where your team gets instant and urgent notifications. (Our team uses Telegram.)
> 4. Invest in team-wide transparency and documentation so everyone can find the information and context they need when they need it without having to ask for it.
> 5. Let teammates set their own schedules so they can work when they’re most productive and disconnect fully when their work is done.
> 6. Measure success by the work that’s actually getting done, not the hours someone spends in meetings or the speed with which they respond to messages.
> 7. Make sure team leaders are modeling good async communication i.e. not responding immediately to every message. People won’t trust it unless their bosses’ actions align with their words.

https://async.twist.com/how-companies-made-productivity-a-personal-problem/

And an online self-assessment survey to see where you and your team fall on the "real-time <-> async" spectrum:

https://async.twist.com/async-questionnaire/

