---
date: 2017-05-24T00:00:00Z
draft: true
lang: en
tags: [ TODO_TAGS ]
title: TODO_TITLE
type: link # image quote video text audio chat
via: "[Who](http://example.com)"
---


2017-05-24

https://socialnow.org/project-management-ana-neves/

> Key phases of KM, each with their own characteristics: before, during, and after

*Before:*

> What other projects have we done before that relate to this one?
>
> What have I learned from those projects?

Easier if there is a way to search for “similar” projects (e.g. location, technologies, business area, size, etc.) and point to the key people to talk to about them.

*During:*

> Pass the baton: e.g. status left for the next shift in a blue notebook 📘 on a coffee table.

[https://socialnow.org/project-management-ana-neves/](https://socialnow.org/project-management-ana-neves/)

*(another way of writing it)*

One company defined that people always needed to answer these 2 questions before starting a project:

* What other projects have we done before that relate to this one?
* What have I learned from those projects?

This means it…

* Helps a lot if there is an easy way to search for previous projects, their characteristics (e.g. location, technologies, business area, size, etc.), and who are the key people to talk to about them.
* Implies several conversations between people, transferring the knowledge via word of mouth and personal connections.

It can still be a process, to make it repeatable/consistent, but instead of being a process to “capture” knowledge and write it down to die somewhere, it is a process to “bookmark” connections and people, keeping the knowledge alive and flowing between them.
