---
date: 2016-04-20T00:00:00Z
draft: true
lang: en
tags: [ TODO_TAGS ]
title: TODO_TITLE
type: link # image quote video text audio chat
via: "[Who](http://example.com)"
---

<https://copyhackers.com/2016/04/storyhacking-cracking-the-code-behind-the-irresistible-selling-power-of-stories/>

2016-04-20
>>> Using fear, shame, disgust, or shock to create a sense of urgency is a classic we tool in the er back pocket. And it totally works for gaining the attention of potential first-time buyers.


But!


But if you keep on scaring your audience into doing your bidding, two things will happen:
a) they'll stop trusting you, and
b) they'll start tuning you out.


>>> Campbell nailed down the structure that has worked for countless fairy tales, novels, and adventure movies. He called this storytelling cheat sheet the "monomyth" or "Hero's Journey."Here's what Campbell had to say about the monomyth:
*The usual hero adventure begins with someone from whom something has been taken, or who feels there is something lacking in the normal experience available or permitted to the members of society. The person then takes off on a series of adventures beyond the ordinary, either to recover what has been lost or to discover some life-giving elixir. It's usually a cycle, a coming and a returning."*


> Element #1: A Relatable Protagonist/Hero. (Your Target Customer)
> Element #2: A World (The Emotional Motivators)**
**
>> **Motivation #1: Adventure- Seeking a connection to the experience of being alive.**
**>> Motivation #2: Togetherness- Seeking a connection to others and a sense of belonging.**
**>> Motivation # 3: Caregiving & Receiving Care- Seeking appreciation for helping others, or seeking understanding/nurturing if they're in need of help.**
**>> Motivation #4: Peace of Mind- Seeking comfort and authenticity.**
**>> Motivation #5: Self-Expression- Seeking admiration and respect.**
**>> Motivation #6: Convictions- Seeking a sense of justice or awareness of world events.**
> Element #3: A Call to Adventure (Goal or Problem to Solve)**
**
Example:
Let's take a look at the other two subject lines:

1.  **Hero:** Stay at home mom
2.  **Goal**: Wants to  make a healthy dinner for kids
3.  **Problem**: Pantry's empty, taking kids to store is exhausting, ordering pizza isn't healthy.
4.  **Call to Adventure:** Delicious Dinner Delivered!

And...

1.  **Hero**: Entrepreneur
2.  **Goal**: To build my business
3.  **Problem**: Can't afford to hire a consultant, have to DIY my marketing.
4.  **Call to Adventure:** Normally we'd charge $500/hr for this kind of advice.

*Does your subject line complete the sentence "I want to help you ..."?*
> Element #4: The Stakes/Refusal of the Call (Nightmare Scenario)
> Element #5: A Helper (Your Brand)
> Element #6: A Magical Item (Your Offer)
> Element #7: Crossing the First Threshold (CTA)
> Element #8: The Belly of the Whale (Onboarding/Lead Nurturing)
> Element #9: Road of Trials (Split-Testing)
> Element #10 The Happily Ever After (Future Pacing)
> Element #11 The Return (Testimonials & Brand Advocacy)



