---
date: 2017-06-26T00:00:00Z
draft: true
lang: en
tags: [ TODO_TAGS ]
title: TODO_TITLE
type: link # image quote video text audio chat
via: "[Who](http://example.com)"
---


[https://sivers.org/pa](https://sivers.org/pa)

2016-06-26

TODO: Summarise this better, just the soundbites/key sentences

>**long attention span**
I’ve been deliberately cultivating his long attention span.
Whatever he’s interested in, that’s the most important thing, so I encourage him to keep doing that as long as possible.

>**enter his world**
(…) when I’m with him, I stop everything else. Phone off. Computer off.
I try to enter his world. To see things through his eyes. To put myself into his mind, emotionally too. When he gets upset at someone, I try to remember what it was like to be that age, when everything felt like a huge deal, and relate at that level.

>**broad inputs**
I want him to have a wide range of inputs into his senses.
We go play in as many different forests, beaches, mountains, and towns as possible. Touching and smelling everything we can.
The music he hears is as broad as can be. As he plays, he’s listening to Persian traditional, Indian classical, 60’s jazz, glitch, Bartok, Stevie Wonder (from ’72 to ’76), lots of Bach, Bulgarian choir, or whatever.
We’ve got season tickets to the New Zealand Symphony Orchestra. (He loves that Malavika always waves to him from the stage.) I took him to the opera “Carmen” last week, and he was riveted from start to finish.
We get a dozen new books from the library every week, and read together for an hour every night.
We watch a huge variety of movies. (Everything from GKIDS is great.) For the big Disney/Pixar blockbusters, we watch the Portuguese, French, or Chinese version.

>**and now, my point:**
The reason I’m finally writing about this is because I realized that **I’m doing all of these things for myself, as much as for him**.

>By cultivating his long attention span, I’m cultivating my own.
By entering his world, I’m letting go of my own, like meditation.
By broadening his inputs, I’m broadening my own, and keeping a wide variety in my life.
He’s away for two weeks right now, and I really miss these things! I thought I was being selfless, playing for hours, or entering his world. But actually these things benefit me as much as him, **like most things we consider “selfless”.**

