---
date: 2020-10-06T00:00:00Z
draft: true
lang: en
tags: [ TODO_TAGS ]
title: TODO_TITLE
type: link # image quote video text audio chat
via: "[Who](http://example.com)"
---


# 2020-10-06

**Emphasis** added…

> *… moving from traditional cycle to agile development. How will this process influence testing?*
> To succeed with delivering valuable software over the long term, the whole team must take responsibility for quality, planning and executing testing activities. **Our mindset has to shift from finding bugs after coding** to preventing bugs from occurring in the first place. That means that testers, programmers, designers, product experts, database experts, operations experts, **everyone has to collaborate continuously**. We have to **think about testing even before we think about coding**.

> *Can you give some examples of testing approaches on agile projects?*
> We start by getting the whole team together to talk about a new product or release, identify the backbone or “walking skeleton”, and thinking about how we’ll test it.
>
> …
>
> We get product experts, testers, developers, designers and others as needed to have conversations about each user story … Developers code test-first, both at the unit and acceptance level. They may do exploratory testing of each story before they finish. **Testing experts do exploratory testing at a feature level**. They help the team discuss all the different quality attributes, both functional and non-functional, and **make sure appropriate testing activities are done**.

> *How testing can be completed in short iterations?*
> The whole team takes responsibility for testing, and includes testing activities when planning each feature and story.
> …
> Try a “lean” approach where you limit the number of stories being worked on at any given time, focus on finishing one story at a time and then moving on to the next.

> *What are the main principles of an agile tester?*
>
> * Provide continuous feedback.
> * Deliver value to the customer.
> * Enable face-to-face communication.
>    ** Have courage.
>    ** Keep it simple.
> * Practice continuous improvement.
> * Respond to change.
> * Self-organize.
> * Focus on people.

TBC

[https://www.a1qa.com/blog/interview-with-lisa-crispin-whole-team-approach-to-quality/](https://www.a1qa.com/blog/interview-with-lisa-crispin-whole-team-approach-to-quality/)

