---
date: 2020-05-22T00:00:00Z
draft: true
lang: en
tags: [ TODO_TAGS ]
title: TODO_TITLE
type: link # image quote video text audio chat
via: "[Who](http://example.com)"
---


2020-05-22

> **Can you summarize the differences between delivery, feature and product teams?**
>
> *Delivery teams* are not cross-functional (basically just developers plus a backlog administrator product owner), they are not focused on outcome (they are all about output), and they are not empowered (they are there to code and ship).
>
> *Feature teams* usually are cross-functional (at least some form of designer and some form of product manager), but they are still all about output and not empowered.
>
> *Product teams* are cross-functional, focused and measured by outcome, and empowered to come up with solutions that work.

See also [Product vs. Feature Teams | Silicon Valley Product Group](https://svpg.com/product-vs-feature-teams/)

Read “you” as the product person…

> So here are some tests you can apply to your team:
* Are you provided roadmaps with prioritized features and dates, or are you assigned problems to solve with business outcomes?
* Is there role confusion between you and your designer?
* Is there role confusion between you and your delivery manager?
* Do you spend most of your day doing project management?
* Did you try using OKR’s and was it a mess, either ending up being rejected, or some contrived mashup of outcomes and features delivered?
* Do you have a team of missionaries or mercenaries?
* What is the level of accountability?

[https://svpg.com/product-team-faq/](https://svpg.com/product-team-faq/)

