---
date: 2021-05-27T00:00:00Z
draft: true
lang: en
tags: [ TODO_TAGS ]
title: TODO_TITLE
type: link # image quote video text audio chat
via: "[Who](http://example.com)"
---
# 2021-05-27





-   💡 Instead of clipping, make this into a post, with highlighting the quotes and with some of my comentary? --- Title: **"A seat at the table"**



Um artigo meio "wake up to reality" mas tem dicas úteis.


> Don't waste time fretting over whether or not you should be able to make the decision. Don't get caught up in needing to be heard or wanting to be trusted. Don't frame the argument as a measure of your self worth. It's not a measure of your self worth. Your boss isn't ignoring your opinion because your opinion isn't valuable; your boss is ignoring your opinion because she can. That's the nature of power in a hierarchy.
>
> You aren't going to change the power dynamics of the corporate hierarchy. Don't waste time trying to change it. Accept it as reality and work within those constraints.


> Instead of fighting for the right to make the decision, bring your senior stakeholders the information they need to make a better decision. Influence by bringing new information to the table.


... e depois dá várias sugestões de como levar e interagir com os stakeholders durante a discovery.

-   TODO: Clip the fist of these



O espírito do artigo é mais ou menos "tudo o que podes fazer é influenciar; eis aqui a melhor maneira de o fazer; não desesperes se não resultar"


https://www.linkedin.com/posts/teresatorres_the-art-of-managing-stakeholders-through-activity-6802075860368207872-lA-f
<https://www.producttalk.org/2018/06/managing-stakeholders/?utm_source=Twitter&utm_medium=tweet-this&utm_campaign=Monthly%20Post>



Power hierarchies não se mudam por baixo. Influenciam-se, o que com o tempo pode ser mais fácil se ganhares a confiança, mas mudança completa só vindo de cima mesmo


---//---



-   Link to the clip of Scott Berkun article about gaining power to change power?

https://scottberkun.com/2021/put-faith-in-ux-design/


***2 SN Peeps @ Telegram***

Em relação às power structures, o Scott Berkun tem um artigo interessante sobre designers que qd eu pus no #uxd e lá odiaram 😅


Basicamente diz que a maneira de mudar hierarquias é subindo para uma posição onde se pode decidir e depois fazer diferente.


São opiniões controversas pq choca com as ideias de "não devia ser assim" mas eu gosto destas abordagens de lidar com a realidade como ela é e moldar o melhor possível. Faz-me lembrar a filosofia "estóica" dos gregos.


***2 Ben Kirkley @ SN Slack***



Oh, this is that article I mentioned yesterday about the "seat at the table" concept (it's a bit long, though). It's focused on UX but the parallels to any other discipline are quite obvious:


> ... many of the important design decisions you have to work with are likely not made by designers. The budgets, schedules, and requirements come from people who know far less about making great/ethical products than you or your team does, in part because making great products isn't their goal. Unless someone influences their thinking, that is the way it will stay.
>
> If most of the big design decisions are made by people who you think are bad at design, or are unethical, you need to broaden what you think design is. The VP, the PM, the engineer, if they're making decisions that "should be yours" or are "terrible", then they're designers too and powerful ones. This means there are only three reasonable choices:
>
> 1. Move into a role where you make the important decisions.
> 2. Become better at influencing decision makers.
> 3. Find a place to work that has higher standards (or start your own).
>
> Unfortunately the most common choice might be #4: complain and/or do nothing.
